---
date: 2022-03-08
title: Space
description: The non-fungible token representing a unique parcel of Unicial map.
redirect_from:
categories:
  - Unicial
  - Space
type: Document
---

## What is a SPACE?

A SPACE is a non-fungible token on the Zilionixx blockchain that indicates a unique parcel of Unicial map which is identified by (x, y) coordinate.
SPACE owners can make use of their SPACEs to build digital experiences, such as games or dioramas, and also populate it with ASSETs.

A total of 90,000 SPACEs will be available.

Multiple SPACEs can be combined to form an ESTATE.

## How to buy SPACEs?

### Option1

You can take SPACEs by taking part in SPACE Auction Event.
At the very beginning, all SPACEs are kept as unowned. So you can become the first owner of SPACEs via taking part in Auction Event.

To buy SPACEs during Auction Event, you must own some UCC first.
After owning some UCC you are able to join the Auction Event on the Unicial auction website.

[Go to auction site](https://marketplace.unicial.org/auction){:target="\_blank"}

The detailed information about auction will be published soon.

### Option2

In case all the parcels are sold out and no unowned SPACEs are remained, you still have possibility to buy other's SPACE on Unicial marketplace.

[Go to Unicial marketplace](https://marketplace.unicial.org){:target="\_blank"}

Unicial marketplace is where you can buy and sell all kinds of Unicial digital assets including SPACE, ESTATE and WEARABLES.
You can either buy SPACE on sale or make an offer to the SPACE you want to buy.
