---
date: 2022-03-07
title: Unicial Cash Coin
description: UCC explanation and its usuage
redirect_from:
categories:
  - Unicial
type: Document
---

## What is Unicial Cash Coin (UCC)?

**UCC** is an ERC-20 fungible token built on the Zilionixx blockchain. It is the main utility token and the currency of The Unicial's ecosystem. It is also a governance token.
As such, UCC will be required for the buying and selling of non-fungible tokens (NFTs), such as SPACE, ASSETs, from Unicial's marketplace.

[Join UCC crowdsale](https://start.unicial.org)

## What is the usage?

### Medium of exchange

UCC is the medium of exchange in Unicial's ecosystem. It will be necessary for making purchases from The Sandbox's marketplace. It will be required to purchase:

- SPACE
- ASSETs
- Avatars
- Governance
  UCC holders will be able to participate in the governance of Unicial's platform.

### Playing (some) games

Some games on Unicial's platform will be free to play (F2P). But not all of them. You may need to charge some UCC to play some games according to the game design.

### Play2Earn

Players can potentially earn some UCC by playing games.

### Hiring designers and artists

You will be able to use UCC to hire game designers and artists to collaborate on projects with you or commission them to design ASSETs for your project.

## UCC Tokenomics

### UCC Key Metrics

- Token Name: Unicial Cash Token
- Token Symbol: UCC
- Contract:
- Blockchain: Zilionixx Mainnet
- Token Standard: ERC-20
- Token type: Utility Token
- Total Supply: About 3 billion

### UCC Token Allocation

- Crowdsale (ICO): 40%
- Unicial Foundation: 20%
- Team & Early Contributors: 20%
- Community & Partners: 20%

## How can I buy UCC?

UCC will be only distributed once thorough crowdsale.
As for now the crowdsale is not open but once its open you can buy UCC using ZNX, the native coin of Zilionixx mainnet.

[Join UCC crowdsale](https://start.unicial.org)

We will post the detailed crowdsale information afterwards.

After crowdsale is done you can get UCC from [DongleTrade platform](https://dongletrade.com){:target="\_blank"}.
You will be able to get free UCC by taking part in the contest which will be hold by Unicial Foundation.
